Mary Stewart is condemned to death I
order about sovereign Elizabeth Queen of
England how did it come to this there is
news King Francis is dead your cousin
Mary has returned to rule in Scotland
she is formidable matter so she comes
ready for war not so I need command
armies but tell my cousin that we pray
for peace
I hope we might meet in person
and resolve our destinies you must
confront the truth Madame she has
acclaimed your friend
you would have me to pose the system
honored it is either Civil War here or
Civil War here we have a scourge upon
our land a woman without cracking what
says her brother because allegiance is
fully with us
there's no appetite for war and let us
start an appetite oh cool men are all I
have done its try to unify this land but
they are trying to use her my crimes a
murderer a traitor and a queen but I
will be the woman she is not we bring
into this world and here to Scotland and
to England there one can know we meet if
you speak if it 21 I shall deny you my
boys godmother be my sister
arrey is our first we asked that we
never bow to her as we bow before you
you cannot raise an army many times you
have said I cannot do what I have done
do not play into their hands your heart
has more within it than the men who came
for you they would do well to watch or
work I will not be scolded by my
inferior
[Music]
if you murder me you murder your sister
and you murder your queen
I did it come to this
[Music]
you